Publish allennlp-server to PyPI and misc CI changes (#15)
allenai/allennlp-server: README.md

    <p>
    Officially supported AllenNLP Server.
    </p>
    <hr/>
</div>

This repo contains a simple demo server for serving a model. To file an issue, please open a ticket on https://github.com/allenai/allennlp and tag it with "Server".

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/allenai/allennlp/actions">
        <img alt="Build" src="https://github.com/allenai/allennlp-server/workflows/CI/badge.svg?event=push&branch=main">
    </a>
    <a href="https://pypi.org/project/allennlp-server/">
        <img alt="PyPI" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/allennlp-server">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/agururajvais/allennlp-server/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/allenai/allennlp-server?color=blue&cachedrop">
    </a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/allenai/allennlp">
        <img alt="Codecov" src="https://codecov.io/gh/allenai/allennlp-server/branch/main/graph/badge.svg">
    </a>
    <br/>
</p>

##  Installation

### From PyPI

`allennlp-server` is available on PyPI. To install with `pip`, just run

```bash
pip install allennlp-server
```

> Note that the `allennlp-server` package is tied to the [`allennlp` core package](https://pypi.org/projects/allennlp) and [`allennlp-models` package](https://pypi.org/projects/allennlp-models). Therefore when you install the models package you will get the corresponding version of `allennlp` and `allennlp-models` (if you haven't already installed `allennlp` or `allennlp-models`). For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the `allennlp-server` package is tied to the [`allennlp` core package](https://pypi.org/projects/allennlp) and [`allennlp-models` package](https://pypi.org/projects/allennlp-models). Therefore when you install the server package you will get the latest compatible version of `allennlp` and `allennlp-models` (if you haven't already installed `allennlp` or `allennlp-models`). For example,
```

<div align="center">
    <br>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/allenai/allennlp/main/docs/img/allennlp-logo-dark.png" width="400"/>
    <p>
    Officially supported AllenNLP Server.
    </p>
    <hr/>
</div>

This repo contains a simple demo server for serving a model. To file an issue, please open a ticket on https://github.com/allenai/allennlp and tag it with "Server".

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/allenai/allennlp/actions">
        <img alt="Build" src="https://github.com/allenai/allennlp-server/workflows/CI/badge.svg?event=push&branch=main">
    </a>
    <a href="https://pypi.org/project/allennlp-server/">
        <img alt="PyPI" src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/allennlp-server">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/agururajvais/allennlp-server/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/allenai/allennlp-server?color=blue&cachedrop">
    </a>
    <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/allenai/allennlp">

>         <img alt="Codecov" src="https://codecov.io/gh/allenai/allennlp/branch/main/graph/badge.svg">

Reviewer 2: Misleading unless you can point to the allenlp-server instance itself.

    </a>
    <br/>
</p>

<div align="center">
❗️ To file an issue, please open a ticket on <a href="https://github.com/allenai/allennlp/issues/new/choose">allenai/allennlp</a> and tag it with "Server". ❗️
</div>

##  Installation

### From PyPI

`allennlp-server` is available on PyPI. To install with `pip`, just run

```bash
pip install allennlp-server
```

> Note that the `allennlp-server` package is tied to the [`allennlp` core package](https://pypi.org/projects/allennlp-server). Therefore when you install the models package you will get the corresponding version of `allennlp` and `allennlp-models` (if you haven't already installed `allennlp`). For example,

Reviewer 2: It requires both allennlp core and the models package
